FOR NORTH KOREA'S SPIES. IF THIS IS NOT TWISTED ENOUGH,
NOW NORTH KOREA'S RECKLESS PURSUIT OF NUCLEAR WEAPONS AND
BALLISTIC MISSILES THREATENS THE ENTIRE WORLD WITH UNTHINKABLE
LOSS OF HUMAN LIFE. IT IS AN OUTRAGE THAT SOME
NATIONS WOULD NOT ONLY TRADE WITH SUCH A REGIME BUT WOULD
ARM, SUPPLY AND FINANCIALLY SUPPORT A COUNTRY THAT IMPERILS
THE WORLD WITH NUCLEAR CONFLICT. NO NATION ON EARTH HAS AN
INTEREST IN SEEING THIS BAND OF CRIMINALS ARM ITSELF WITH
NUCLEAR WEAPONS AND MISSILES. THE UNITED STATES HAS GREAT
STRENGTH AND PATIENCE, BUT IF IT IS FORCED TO DEFEND ITSELF OR
ITS ALLIES, WE WILL HAVE NO CHOICE BUT TO TOTALLY DESTROY
NORTH KOREA. ROCKET MAN IS ON A SUICIDE
MISSION FOR HIMSELF AND FOR HIS REGIME.
THE UNITED STATES IS READY, WILLING AND ABLE, BUT HOPEFULLY
THIS WILL NOT BE NECESSARY. THAT'S WHAT THE UNITED NATIONS
IS ALL ABOUT. THAT'S WHAT THE UNITED NATIONS
IS FOR. LET'S SEE HOW THEY DO.
IT IS TIME FOR NORTH KOREA TO REALIZE THAT THE
DENUCLEARIZATION IS ITS ONLY ACCEPTABLE FUTURE.
THE UNITED NATIONS SECURITY COUNCIL RECENTLY HELD TWO
UNANIMOUS 15-0 VOTES ADOPTING HARD HITTING RESOLUTIONS AGAINST
NORTH KOREA AND I WANT TOO THANK CHINA AND RUSSIA FOR JOINING THE
VOTE TO IMPOSE SANCTIONS ALONG WITH ALL OF THE OTHER MEMBERS OF
THE SECURITY COUNCIL. THANK YOU TO ALL INVOLVED.
BUT WE MUST DO MUCH MORE.